# Smart-Tourist-Guide
#[Read Full project report](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1e8KjkT6tBErOEmAxyidbQJYB1peKco53/view?usp=sharing)
<strong>1. INTRODUCTION</strong></br>
Smart City Traveler is a web application to create a schedule for atraveler travelling to a city to exploreitby specifying interests and types of places want to visit. Our system then smartly  analyzes  the questionnaire  and  creates  a  schedule  fortraveler  based  on  provided timeand gives a shortest route to reach all places from one to another .By the name it  itself indicates  the way  in  analyzing  user’s  likes  and  dislikes  and  is basically used to help a traveler new to the city or anyone who wants to explore a city in the given  time  periodand  their  interests,  the  systemfirst fetches user’s current location using GPS and thenmakes use of the Foursquare APIto get all the locations and places with all their information to sort and place it before the user to make his choice. The places are sorted and selected based on the top rankings by the foursquareand a shortest route is displayed to the user to save their time.</br>
<strong>2. WORKING</strong>
AftertheRegistration,the user is asked some questions helping the systemto filter out  in  searching  the  places,  the  places  are  displayed  on amap  giving  a  clear  idea  of  the location  and  giving the paths  from  one place to  another  from  the  start  location  to  the  end location. The system also asks the userwhether he/shewants to visit anadventure or water parkor a temple or want to have coffeeand will show theoptions based on the rankings and reviews aboutthe place. Since the Traveler may be new to the city not knowing any place, in the map view if the user clicks on the marker,he/shecan see the ratings and reviews which are recorded from the Foursquare itself.The best thing is that the system will also forward a mail  to  the  user  containing  information  about  his/her  plan. The  System  requires a  working internet connection all the time for the applicationto work.</br>
<strong>3. FEATURES</strong></br>
*Registration: The user hasto register into the system with theirbasic details.•Login: The user has to Login into the System to make use of it.</br>
*Dashboard: The user is allowed to see his/hertravel planon dashboard, i.e. theplaces to visit.</br>
*Planning Your Day: The user has to just put their interestsand enable their GPS and the rest work is done by system.</br>
*Map  View:The  user  will  get  an  interactive  map  with  all  the  places  to  visit  as marked(pinned) on the map making it easier to see all the location.</br>
*ShortestRoute: The  user  can  see  the  shortest  route  that  connects  all  the  places marked saving their money wasted in taking longer route.</br>
*E-mail: The  system  will be sent  an  e-mail to the user’s mailing address with all the details.</br>
